*
t top
b bottom
n north
s south
w west
e east
===
id      1
name    test
top     error.png
bottom  error.png
north   error.png
south   error.png
west    error.png
east    error.png
===
id      2
name    stone
top     stone.png
bottom  stone.png
north   stone.png
south   stone.png
west    stone.png
east    stone.png
===
id      3
name    lava
top     lavablock.png
bottom  lavablock.png
north   lavablock.png
south   lavablock.png
west    lavablock.png
east    lavablock.png
===
id      4
name    grass
top     grass-top.png
bottom  dirt.png
north   grass-side.png
south   grass-side.png
west    grass-side.png
east    grass-side.png
===
id      5
name    grass
top     grass-top.png
bottom  dirt.png
north   grass-side.png
south   grass-side.png
west    grass-side.png
east    grass-side.png
===
id      6
name    leaves
top     leaves.png
bottom  leaves.png
north   leaves.png
south   leaves.png
west    leaves.png
east    leaves.png
===
id      7
name    ocdleaves
top     ocd.png
bottom  ocd.png
north   ocd.png
south   ocd.png
west    ocd.png
east    ocd.png
===
id      8
name    battery
top     bat-top.png
bottom  bat-bottom.png
north   bat-side.png
south   bat-side.png
west    bat-side.png
east    bat-side.png